Update the options' descriptions of the neo4j-admin commands according to the code (#1852)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/backup-restore/online-backup.adoc

|

|--to-path=<path>

> |Directory to place backup in (required unless `--inspect-path` is used). It is possible to back up databases into AWS S3 buckets (from Neo4j 5.19), Google Cloud storage buckets (from Neo4j 5.21), and Azure buckets (from 5.24).

Author: ```suggestion
|Directory to place backup in (required unless `--inspect-path` is used). It is possible to back up databases into AWS S3 buckets, Google Cloud storage buckets, and Azure using the appropriate URI as the path.
```
